hi guys I'm gonna do a quick out for the
day for you I am going to the zoo right
now and I just got surprised by the
FedEx man with some new black milk I
thought they were coming Monday they
usually don't deliver Saturday but I
guess maybe because the holidays I don't
know but he just showed up my door was
like what the hell
anyways my quick out for the day for you
wearing that Avenger shirt I just got
yesterday I showed you guys and I have
on this black bomber jacket with a hood
because this is my only hooded jacket
and it's like raining right now I'm
gonna go to the zoo anyway cuz I
promised my sister I'd take her so yeah
um I have on my gray circuits I want
something more subdued to go with the
red shirt I was going to wear
mechanicals but I don't know I like
those better than these and it's rainy
and stuff and I'm worried so I'd rather
just wear these and it's like I don't
know something happens whatever and then
they have my grip fast 49 boots on at
least all the way up so I'm really high
and yeah keep me warm I guess and let's
see if I can show you from sure and for
makeup I use my Naked palette today I
don't know if you can see it but it's
just like a kind of gold smokey eye
thing you know I think it's pretty but
yeah I did that and I'm so mad because I
finally did my hair nice I've had it
pulled up for like the past three weeks
and finally I like blow dry and stuff
now it's raining so it's gonna get rekt
whatever anyway okay I got a black milk
order at two pieces and these are
freaking awesome so I'm going to show
you guys what sucks is these were crazy
limited so they're not available anymore
but I'm gonna show you anyway so here we
go these are my favorite oh my god these
are coolest frickin leggings I own I
would put these on right now but I don't
want I don't know I'm going to the zoo
and I'd really not wear them to zoo I'm
worried these are these are the Grinch
leggings they're lime-green and they're
covered in holographic sparkles on a few
and Steve it oh my god they're so cool
they're like a holographic Pokemon card
or something aren't these awesome oh my
god I'm in love
I love green leggings and I love the
color green and I don't really have a
lot of like green leggings because he
never does green James James ever does
green I told him in Las Vegas I'm like
you have to make more green leggings
everybody likes greens like nobody buys
green I'm like everybody else I green
see I look at these oh they're so cool
holographic I love them this might be my
new favorite pair of leggings honestly
and my second pair is the mistletoe
leggings these are also juicy fruit
these are like a teal color and they
have like a gold green well I guess
they're teal with green dots on top so
they kind of have like a mermaidy foil
effect these are really cool too I like
these a lot
the change color a lot in the light like
they go from like gold to green to blue
it's a really cool but like I said the
grinch are my favorite check these out
oh they're so cool yeah these were both
super limited and they were only 60
because the juicy fruits are a little
bit less I don't know why I guess the
perfect cheaper but yeah I really like
those and I have another order that I
made I ordered the mermaid crop top and
the rotten elf leggings because when you
or when you own 50 pieces they send you
a voucher for $130 so I got 250 pieces
during that sale so they gave me the
voucher and that's what I ordered with
me about sure I really I'm kind of
pissed because I didn't know I had the
voucher it went to my junk mail so
during the last release I only ordered
those to excite and have a lot of money
so with the voucher I could have got the
candy cane leggings that I wanted and
the Cotulla dress which I really wanted
to but now it's out of stock and the
candy hooligans are gone forever so I'm
like Anna but at least I can get the
dress when it's restocked I guess but I
want to know I'm just kidding um but
yeah I have that on my way to meet and I
have a caramel reporter coming like I
said the other day so yeah those are my
new black Mouth leggings I'm really
excited about them and I'm going to zoom
now so I'll talk to you guys later
thanks bye